# roadkill
Orderbook Event Storage Using [TectonicDB](https://github.com/rickyhan/tectonicdb)

I originally created this with the intention of collecting data to further analyze it in a research
environment like I was doing for stocks and crypto (example notebooks: https://github.com/gsalaz98/clifford).
Because I have not much use for that data and research anymore, I hope it can help out someone. Maybe I'll
return to it in the future.

# Project Structure
* **`./alternative/`**: Never got around to implementing anything there, but it's all data I would love to collect in the future
* **`./bin/`**: Binaries that got built went here during the development cycle. Feel free to use
* **`./cnc/`**: Command and control. The idea was to orchestrate various co-allocated hosts for latency purposes
* **`./database/`**: Deprecated folder -- TectonicDB turned out to be a better fit than relational databases for storage
* **`./exchanges/websockets/`**: Websocket client implementations in Go
  * **`fast`**: Low-latency client implementations
  * **`slow`**: Client implementations for various exchanges with no regards to runtime latency
* **`./mathematics/`**: Deprecated folder. I planned on implementing other mathematical models (like Black-Scholes), but I never needed it.
* **`./orderbook/`**: Orderbook related methods. **NOTE:** I used the library `ffjson` to have faster JSON in Golang. The `*_ffjson.go` files are autogenerated
  * **`storage/`**: Experimentation with ZPAQ and PAQ8PX compression. Not used by anything in this project
  * **`tectonic/`**: Golang client implementation for interfacing with **[TectonicDB](https://github.com/rickyhan/tectonicdb)**. Licensed under GPL3
* **`./playground/`**: Performance testing and various "playground" activities (babby's first linked-list :))
